Release: 1.12 (#1600)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-node.mdx

console.log(threads);
```

> It's also possible to filter threads by their string, boolean, and number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s also possible to filter threads by their string, boolean, and number
```
what is my life
